Add link to Spring Boot native image application (#3618)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/instrumentation/java/automatic/spring-boot.md

The OpenTelemetry starter is compatible with Spring Boot 2.0 and 3.0, and Spring
native.

> You can find a Spring Boot Native image application that uses the OpenTelemetry
> Spring Boot starter
> [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/spring-native#opentelemetry-spring-native-example).
> 

Reviewer: Two things:

- Avoid using `here` as link text
- Avoid adding a hash to the GH repo page title in case the title changes (which happens nowandagain)

```suggestion
For an example Spring Boot Native image application that uses the OpenTelemetry
Spring Boot starter, see 
[opentelemetry-java-examples/spring-native](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/spring-native).

```

The OpenTelemetry starter is compatible with Spring Boot 2.0 and 3.0, and Spring
native.

> You can find a Spring Boot native image application using the OpenTelemetry Spring Boot starter [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/spring-native#opentelemetry-spring-native-example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find a Spring Boot Native image application that uses the OpenTelemetry Spring Boot starter [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/spring-native#opentelemetry-spring-native-example).
```
